[libc] Fail fast when building standalone (#119426)
llvm/llvm-project: libc/CMakeLists.txt

cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.20.0)
set(LLVM_SUBPROJECT_TITLE "libc")

if(CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR STREQUAL CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR)

>   message(FATAL_ERROR "Builds rooted in the libc directory are not supported. "

Author: Seems nicer to me to error out, but I'm open to changing this to a warning instead.

>     "Please see the documentation at https://libc.llvm.org/usage_modes.html for links to build "
>     "instructions depending how you plan to use libc.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "Builds should be rooted in the runtimes directory instead."
    "Please see the documentation at https://libc.llvm.org/usage_modes.html for more info.")
```
